❯ Now I want to work on what might be a new feature. I'll start by explaining the pain point and then you can help me create a solution to it and we can implement it to the app. An issue us as the worship team often run into is that the singer or worship set leader does not             
  remembver the key they sang a song in before. For example lets say the song "Worthy" was sang in Bm a month ago, we dont remember what that singer sang it in and we have to try and figure that out from the top again. So we need some sort of way to track the history of the songs       
  and what key each singer has sang a song in so that we can quickly find the correct key.It would be ideal if worship set leader when selecting songs automatically get shown the key they last sang that song in when they pick it that is the key we sing that song in for that set.        
  There are multiple people who sing thte same songs and they sing them in different notes so I could sing "Worthy" in Bm but someone else might sing it in Am, so we need to have a way to track this and be able to assign the correct key to each song in the set so that everyone          
  already comes prepared to practive knowin what key each song will be in. Now we run into another thing, the worshipset leader does not always sing all the songs, actually its rare when 1 person sings all the songs, usually there are 2 sometimes 3 singers per set, so whenever a        
  worship set leader is adding songs to the service they should be able to select which person they want to sing a song and then automatically show what key that person sang it in before. This way we can track everyones's key for each song and upon song selection when managing a        
  service it makes it easy for the worship set leader to pick the correct key for that singer. Let me know if you have any questions or need more clarification on details about this problem                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
● This is a great feature idea - tracking singer-specific keys is a real pain point for worship teams. Let me make sure I understand the requirements fully before we design the solution.                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  My Understanding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  1. Different singers = different keys - Each singer has their own comfortable key for each song                                                                                                                                                                                              
  2. Multiple singers per set - A worship set typically has 2-3 singers, each singing different songs                                                                                                                                                                                          
  3. Key history per singer - Need to track what key each singer has sung each song in before                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  4. Auto-suggest keys - When adding a song to a set and selecting a singer, show their last used key for that song                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  Clarifying Questions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
  1. Singer assignment per song: When adding a song to a set, should the singer assignment be required, or optional? (e.g., can some songs just have a key without a designated singer?)                                                                                                       
  2. Building history: How should we capture the history?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
    - Option A: Automatically save singer-song-key when a service is completed/published                                                                                                                                                                                                       
    - Option B: Allow manual entry of a singer's preferred key for a song (like a "key profile")                                                                                                                                                                                               
    - Option C: Both - auto-capture from services AND allow manual management                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
  3. New singer-song combinations: If a singer hasn't sung a particular song before, should we:                                                                                                                                                                                                
    - Show the song's default key?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
    - Show nothing and let the leader pick?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
    - Show what other singers have used as reference?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
  4. Key profile view: Would it be useful to have a page where you can see/manage all the keys a specific singer has for their songs? (Like "John's Keys: Worthy - Bm, How Great - G, etc.")                                                                                                   
  5. Historical changes: If a singer changes their key for a song (e.g., they used to sing "Worthy" in Bm but now prefer Am), should we:                                                                                                                                                       
    - Just track the most recent key?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
    - Keep a history of all keys they've used?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
❯ 1 - It should be optional since we dont always know who will sing the song right away and that might get decided later during practice. We should definitely encouorage a key and singer to be piciked but we should make it a requirement                                                   
  2 - Option C. If a song has been assigned a key and a singer then that key should automatically be saved to that singer, however if the key gets updated then so should the history, and we should also allow for manual management so we can go back and edit and also add information      
  that we have now                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
  3 - Show what other singers have used as reference. If no one has sang it before then we should leave it empty and let the leader pick                                                                                                                                                       
  4 - Yes that would be very useful                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
  5 - Keep a history of all keys they've used since sometimes voices can vary between days this way we can see all of the options the user has sang before  